Rails Internationalization (#19)
Ridhwana/rails: guides/source/i18n.md

Reviewer: Could we demonstrate usage of each attribute instead of just listing them?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The algorithm for pluralizations in `:en` is:
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `I18n` gem provides a `Pluralization` backend that can be used to enable locale-specific rules. Include it
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to the `Simple` backend, then add the localized pluralization algorithms to translation store, as `i18n.plural.rule`.
```

Reviewer: Does this use `Thread.current` even if the `isolation_level` is set to `:fiber`? 
https://blog.saeloun.com/2022/02/23/rails-fiber-safe-connection-pools

I know that 99.9% of Rails apps will use Puma and hence request isolation is managed using threads, but it's good to be absolutely technically correct in official docs.

Reviewer: Just had a peek at the code and it does use `Thread.current` all the time: https://github.com/ruby-i18n/i18n/blob/b0fffb8ec70f9c3b9d0e0b9162d47f0305ae2a5d/lib/i18n.rb#L57.

I did a quick test with the `Falcon` web server which uses a fiber for each request (and sets the `isolation_level` in Rails to `:fiber`). The setting leaked across multiple requests, proving that `I18n.with_locale(...)` and `I18n.locale` will not be isolated to each request because the config is set on the thread, not the fiber.

Since `config.active_support.isolation_level` is a Rails feature, I think we should add a warning telling readers that this gem doesn't support that configuration.

Author: Good point. I initially added the warning mentioning fiber isolation directly, but I think that may introduce concurrency terminology into the guide that most readers won’t be familiar with.

So I've decided to add a simpler warning, so it stays technically correct without going too deep into fibers or server isolation models. The updated version focuses on the practical implication: applications serving multiple requests from the same thread should set the locale explicitly around each request rather than relying on implicit isolation.

Reviewer: Let's update these examples using modern HTML5 tags such as `<strong>` or `<em>`.

Author: I feel like using `<b>` keeps the examples simpler and more visually familiar. Updating them feels a little unnecessary to me since the example is not really about semantic HTML in this section.

Reviewer: Same comment about tags as above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Other I18n Helpers
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the `Chain` backend, you could use the Active Record backend and fall back to the (default) Simple backend:
```

Rails Internationalization (I18n) API
=====================================

The Ruby `i18n` gem, which ships with Ruby on Rails, provides an easy-to-use and extensible framework for translating your application into a single custom language or for providing multi-language support.

After reading this guide, you will know:

* How I18n works in Ruby on Rails
* How to configure, set, and switch locales in a Rails application
* How to organize translations and use the I18n API in views, controllers, and models
* How to use I18n to translate Active Record errors or Action Mailer E-mail subjects
* How to customize backends and handle translation-related exceptions

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Internationalization and Localization
-------------------------------------

> Internationalization is the process of preparing your application to support multiple languages and regional formats. In practice, this usually means abstracting strings and other locale-specific elements, such as date or currency formats, out of your application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Internationalization (`I18n`) is the process of preparing your application to support multiple languages and regional formats. In practice, this usually means abstracting strings and other locale-specific elements, such as date or currency formats, out of your application.
```

> Localization is the process of providing translations and locale-specific formats for those abstracted pieces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Localization (`L18n`) is the process of providing translations and locale-specific formats for those abstracted pieces.
```

To internationalize a Rails application, you typically need to:

> * ensure your application is configured for I18n

Reviewer: Nitpick: It's still quite early in the guide so I'm inclined to use the full word "internationalization" as well as the shorthand.

```suggestion
* ensure your application is configured for internationalization (`I18n`)
```

* tell Rails where to find translation files
* set, preserve, and switch the locale for each request

To localize your application, you typically need to:

* provide translations for application text
* add or customize locale-specific formats, such as dates, times, and currencies
* organize and maintain translation data

How I18n in Ruby on Rails Works
-------------------------------

Rails ships with the [Ruby `i18n` gem](https://github.com/ruby-i18n/i18n), which provides the underlying internationalization framework. In this guide, the I18n API refers to the interface your Rails application uses to work with that framework, such as `I18n.t`, `I18n.l`, and Rails translation helpers. As part of this system, static strings in Rails itself, such as Active Record validation messages and time and date formats, are already internationalized.

> Rails includes core I18n functionality by default. Additional gems, such as [rails-i18n](https://github.com/svenfuchs/rails-i18n), can provide extra locale data and other extensions, but they are not required for basic I18n support.

Reviewer: Are we sure we want to link to this third-party gem?

Author: I think it's okay, it's an extremely utilized gem, but I've also checked with Petrik here https://3.basecamp.com/3076981/buckets/35498807/todos/7082007761#__recording_9899467780

Update: checked with Petrik, and we'll keep it.

> NOTE: The I18n API is primarily intended for translating interface strings. Translating model content itself (for example, blog posts stored in the database) typically requires a separate approach.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: The I18n API is primarily intended for translating user-facing text within the application. Translating model content itself (for example, blog posts stored in the database) requires a separate approach.
```

The [Ruby I18n gem](https://github.com/ruby-i18n/i18n) is split into two parts:

* The public API of the I18n framework - a Ruby module with public methods that define how the library works.
* A default backend (named [_Simple_](https://github.com/ruby-i18n/i18n/blob/master/lib/i18n/backend/simple.rb) backend) that implements these methods.

As a user you should only access the public methods on the I18n module, but it is useful to know about the capabilities of the backend.

> INFO: It is possible to swap the shipped Simple backend with a more powerful one, which would store translation data in a relational database, GetText dictionary, or similar. See section [Using different backends](#using-different-backends) below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
INFO: It is possible to swap the shipped `Simple` backend with a more powerful one, which would store translation data in a relational database, GetText dictionary, or similar. See section [Using different backends](#using-different-backends) below.
```

backend                   # Use a different backend
```

Internationalizing an Application
---------------------------------

> Let's internationalize a simple Rails application from the ground up in the next sections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this section, we'll internationalize a basic Rails application.
```

### Creating Locale Dictionaries

> When you create a new Rails application, it comes with a `config/locales` directory that contains a default `en.yml` locale file, which are added to the translations load path. This file is a YAML dictionary that contains translations for the English locale.

Reviewer: We haven't talked about translations load paths as yet so I think we can skip mentioning that for now. 

```suggestion
Rails applications contain a `config/locales` directory with a `en.yml` locale file by default. This file is a YAML dictionary that contains translations for the English locale.
```

The default `en.yml` locale in this directory contains a sample translation:

```yaml
en:
  hello: "Hello world"
```

Looking up the translation for `hello` in the `:en` locale returns `"Hello world"`:

```ruby
I18n.t("hello")
# => "Hello world"
```

> The I18n library uses English as the default locale, i.e. if a different locale is not set, `:en` will be used for looking up translations.

Reviewer: I'm not a huge fan of "i.e." but maybe that's just me.

```suggestion
The I18n library uses English as the default locale — so when a locale is not explicitly set, `:en` will be used for looking up translations.
```

Reviewer: We should also mention here how the user can change the current locale.

Author: I've added a link to Managing the Locale across Requests here.

### Organization of Locale Files

> When you are using the default SimpleStore shipped with the i18n library, dictionaries are stored in plain-text files on disk. Putting translations for all parts of your application in one file per locale can become hard to manage, so it often helps to organize locale files in a hierarchy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using the default `Simple` backend shipped with the i18n library, dictionaries are stored in plain-text files on disk. Putting translations for all parts of your application in one file per locale can become hard to manage, so it often helps to organize locale files in a hierarchy.
```

For example, your `config/locales` directory could look like this:

```
|-defaults
|---es.yml
|---en.yml
|-models
|---book
|-----es.yml
|-----en.yml
|-views
|---defaults
|-----es.yml
|-----en.yml
|---books
|-----es.yml
|-----en.yml
|---users
|-----es.yml
|-----en.yml
|---navigation
|-----es.yml
|-----en.yml
```

> This way, you can separate model and model attribute names from text inside views, and all of this from the defaults such as date and time formats. Other stores for the i18n library could provide different means of separation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This way, the model and model attribute names, text inside views, and global defaults such as date and time formats are all kept separate. Other stores for the i18n library could provide different means of separation.
```

### Using Translations in Views and Controllers

Given the following example, we have a `HomeController` with an `index` action that sets a flash message and renders the `app/views/home/index.html.erb` template:

> ```ruby

Reviewer: Do we need to show `routes.rb` here? At this point I'd expect the reader to be familiar with Rails MVC and routing conventions.

Author: I’d prefer to keep it in for completeness. While some readers will likely be familiar with Rails routing conventions by this point, having the routes.rb example inline (in this case) makes the flow easier to follow without requiring readers to mentally fill in missing pieces.

# config/routes.rb
Rails.application.routes.draw do
  root to: "home#index"
end
```

```ruby
# app/controllers/home_controller.rb
class HomeController < ApplicationController
  def index
    flash[:notice] = "Hello Flash"
  end
end
```

```html+erb
<!-- app/views/home/index.html.erb -->
<h1>Hello World</h1>
<p><%= flash[:notice] %></p>
```

To internationalize this code, replace the strings with calls to Rails' `#t` helper using translation keys:

```ruby
# app/controllers/home_controller.rb
class HomeController < ApplicationController
  def index

>     flash[:notice] = t(:hello_flash)

Reviewer: A bit of a nitpick, but I don't think we should ever use symbols for translation keys.

```suggestion
    flash[:notice] = t("hello_flash")
```

While this snippet perfect for an example, real world usage will almost always contain a `.` using either a full key (`home.index.hello_flash`) or an inferred key (`.hello_flash`).

To use a `.` within a symbol we'd need to wrap it in quotes anyway: `:".hello_flash"` which just seems fiddly to me. As such I think we should portray good habits from the start in the guide, and use strings everywhere as translation keys.

  end
end
```

```html+erb
<!-- app/views/home/index.html.erb -->

> <h1><%= t :hello_world %></h1>

Reviewer: Same comment about symbols as above.

<p><%= flash[:notice] %></p>
```

Now, when this view is rendered, it will show an error message indicating that the translations for the keys `:hello_world` and `:hello_flash` are missing.

```
en, hello_world
translation missing: en, hello_flash
```

Now add the translations to your locale files:

```yaml
# config/locales/en.yml
en:
  hello_world: Hello world!
  hello_flash: Hello flash!
```

```yaml
# config/locales/es.yml
es:
  hello_world: Hola mundo!
  hello_flash: Hola flash!
```

With the default locale, the page renders the English strings.

```
Hello world!
Hello flash!
```

> Once you start switching locales per request, the same keys can render different translations from other locale files.

Reviewer: Do we teach this further along the guide? Worth linking if we do, and if we don't probably worth elaborating on how it's done. Even if it's a sentence or two.

> If the locale is set via the URL to the Spanish locale (`http://localhost:3000?locale=es`), the response renders the Spanish strings:

Reviewer: Rails doesn't do it by default does it? I just tried in my test app and `locale=es` didn't read the `es` dictionary. The locale needs to be set manually doesn't it? Probably worth clarifying this to the reader.

```erb
<!-- app/views/products/show.html.erb -->
<%= "#{t('currency')}#{@product.price}" %>
```

```yaml
# config/locales/nl.yml
nl:
  currency: "€ "
```

```yaml
# config/locales/es.yml
es:
  currency: "€ "
```

If the product's price is 100 then Dutch would want `"€ 100"` while Spanish
would want `"100 €"`, but this abstraction produces `"€ 100"` for both locales.

To create proper abstraction, the I18n gem ships with a feature called variable
interpolation that allows you to use variables in translation definitions and
pass the values for these variables to the translation method.

Proper abstraction is shown in the following example:

```erb
<!-- app/views/products/show.html.erb -->
<%= t('product_price', price: @product.price) %>
```

```yaml
# config/locales/nl.yml
nl:
  product_price: "€ %{price}"
```

```yaml
# config/locales/es.yml
es:
  product_price: "%{price} €"
```

All grammatical and punctuation decisions are made in the definition itself, so
the abstraction can give a proper translation.

```ruby
I18n.t("product_price", price: 100, locale: :nl)
# => "€ 100"

I18n.t("product_price", price: 100, locale: :es)
# => "100 €"
```

> INFO: Rails provides helpers such as `number_to_currency` for localizing numbers

Reviewer: Might be useful to link to the API docs for this method?

and currency values.

NOTE: The `default` and `scope` keywords are reserved and can't be used as
variable names. If used, an `I18n::ReservedInterpolationKey` exception is
raised. If a translation expects an interpolation variable, but this has not
been passed to `#translate`, an `I18n::MissingInterpolationArgument` exception
is raised.

### Adding Date/Time Formats

To localize the time format, you can pass the `Time` object to `I18n.l` or,
preferably, use Rails' `#l` helper. You can pick a format by passing the
`:format` option. By default, the `:default` format is used.

```erb
<!-- app/views/home/index.html.erb -->
<h1><%= t :hello_world %></h1>
<p><%= flash[:notice] %></p>
<p><%= l Time.now, format: :short %></p>
```

For example, you can define a custom short time format in a locale file:

```yaml
# config/locales/es.yml
es:
  time:
    formats:
      short: "%H:%M"
```

Then `l(Time.current, format: :short, locale: :es)` uses that format for the
Spanish locale.

> Rails also provides `relative_time_in_words` when you want a localized

Reviewer: Worth linking to the API docs for `relative_time_in_words`?

inflections when you map that fallback explicitly.

Managing the Locale across Requests
-----------------------------------

To support multiple locales, applications should set the locale at the beginning
of each request and ensure it stays consistent for the duration of that request.

The default locale is used for all translations unless `I18n.locale=` or
`I18n.with_locale` is used. In a controller, the safest way to do this is with
`I18n.with_locale`, typically in an `around_action`, so the locale is applied
only for that request.

`I18n.locale` can leak into subsequent requests served by the same
thread/process if it is not consistently set in every controller. For example,
executing `I18n.locale = :es` in one POST request will have effects for all
later requests to controllers that don't set the locale, but only in that
particular thread/process. For that reason, instead of `I18n.locale =` you can
use `I18n.with_locale` which does not have this leak issue.

The locale can be set using one of many different approaches, depending on where
your application stores or derives that information.

### Setting the Locale from a Request Parameter

> The most usual way of setting (and passing) the locale is to include it in

Reviewer: "most usual" sounds weird to my mind.

```suggestion
A commonly used technique to set the locale is to include it in
```

request parameters.

> For example, you can set the locale in an `around_action` in the

Reviewer: I'd say it's recommended to do this in a concern which is `include`d in the `ApplicationController`, rather than directly in the controller itself.

`ApplicationController`:

```ruby
around_action :switch_locale

def switch_locale(&action)
  locale = params[:locale] || I18n.default_locale
  I18n.with_locale(locale, &action)
end
```

This example uses a URL query parameter to set the locale, such as
`http://example.com/books?locale=pt`. With this approach,
`http://localhost:3000?locale=pt` renders the Portuguese localization, while
`http://localhost:3000?locale=de` loads a German localization.

### Setting the Locale from the Domain Name

You can also set the locale from the domain name where your application runs.
For example, we want `www.example.com` to load the English (or the default)

> locale, and `www.example.es` to load the Spanish locale. Setting the locale from

Reviewer: Setting the locale in the subdomain is also a valid setup" `es.example.com`. Wikipedia uses this. Might be worth mentioning as it's easier to configure than buying a new top level domain for each locale.

Reviewer: EDIT: Sorry, I see you explain subdomain further below, but I think it's worth mentioning here as it's the easier approach.

Author: Yeah the subdomain-based approach is covered a little further below, so I'm trying to avoid introducing too many approaches at once in the earlier section, readers should encounter it soon after.

the domain name has several advantages:

* The locale is an obvious part of the URL.
* People intuitively grasp in which language the content will be displayed.
* It is trivial to implement in Rails.
* Search engines like that content in different languages lives at different,
  inter-linked domains.

You can implement it like this in your `ApplicationController`:

```ruby

> around_action :switch_locale

Reviewer: While this is a valid approach, and absolutely perfect for this example, I would absolutely never ever do this in production. I'd use Rack middleware to extract the locale. 

I think it's worth adding a note to that effect and linking to the "middleware" section in the Rails on Rack guide.

Reviewer: EDIT: I talk a bit more about the Rack middleware approach further down. Leave it up to your judgement for where (if at all) you decide to use it :)

`link_to` or every route helper would be tedious and easy to miss.

Rails provides a central place for this through
[`ApplicationController#default_url_options`](https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActionDispatch/Routing/Mapper/Base.html#method-i-default_url_options).
By defining it, you can tell
[`url_for`](https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActionDispatch/Routing/UrlFor.html#method-i-url_for)
and the route helpers built on top of it to automatically include the current
locale.

For example, you can add this to your `ApplicationController`:

```ruby
# app/controllers/application_controller.rb
def default_url_options
  { locale: I18n.locale }
end
```

Every helper method that uses `url_for` (for example, named route helpers such
as `root_path` and `root_url`, or resource route helpers such as `books_path`
and `books_url`) will now automatically include the locale in the query string,
such as `http://localhost:3001/?locale=ja`.

You may find this sufficient. However, query parameters can make URLs less
readable, and the locale is often conceptually higher-level than the rest of the
path. In many applications, it makes more sense for the locale to appear in the
path itself.

> #### Using a Locale Scope in the Path

Reviewer: This approach gets especially fiddly when trying to do it using just `routes.rb`. In this case it might be worth demonstrating how to do this in Rack middleware and "mount" the application at a given locale. 

We'd extract the locale from the path and add it to the `SCRIPT_NAME` rack env var: https://github.com/rack/rack/blob/main/SPEC.rdoc#scriptname. Then remove it from the path. That way, when the request hits the Rails app, the locale is available in the rack env, but the routes file doesn't need to know about it. Also if the locale isn't set, it's easier to define a fallback. The routes can remain clean and doesn't need to deal with locales.

While the current demonstrated approach is valid, I can't see anyone doing it in production. If they did, I'd strongly advise against it. I'd like it if most things we show in guides is recommended for production.

Author: That makes sense, especially the point about keeping locale handling separate from the routing layer and avoiding locale-specific concerns throughout routes.rb.

I’d still prefer to keep the scoped routes example since it’s simple, Rails-native, and helps explain the mechanics of path-based locales within Rails itself. I think it’s still a useful approach for many applications and easier for readers to follow initially.

That said, I agree the Rack middleware approach is cleaner for more complex or production-oriented setups, so instead of replacing the scoped routes example entirely, I’ve added a note mentioning middleware-based locale extraction as an advanced alternative for applications that want to rewrite paths or mount the app under locale-specific prefixes.

Reviewer: Cool sounds good 👍

WARNING. Since the return value of `default_url_options` is cached per request,
the URLs in a locale selector cannot be generated invoking helpers in a loop
that sets the corresponding `I18n.locale` in each iteration. Instead, leave
`I18n.locale` untouched, and pass an explicit `:locale` option to the helper, or
edit `request.original_fullpath`.

If you don't want to force the use of a locale in your routes you can use an
optional path scope (denoted by the parentheses) like so:

```ruby
# config/routes.rb
scope "(:locale)", locale: /en|nl/ do
  resources :books
end
```

With this approach you will not get a `Routing Error` when accessing your
resources such as `http://localhost:3001/books` without a locale. This is useful
for when you want to use the default locale when one is not specified.

Of course, you need to take special care of the root URL (usually "homepage" or
"dashboard") of your application. A URL like `http://localhost:3001/nl` will not
work automatically, because the `root to: "dashboard#index"` declaration in your
`routes.rb` doesn't take locale into account. (And rightly so: there's only one
"root" URL.)

> You would probably need to map URLs like these:

Reviewer: I don't think we should use words like "probably" in a guide. In my mind, that makes me think things like: "are you saying I should or shouldn't use this approach? Is this valid but not recommended".

```suggestion
You would need to map URLs like these:
```

```ruby
# config/routes.rb
get "/:locale" => "dashboard#index"
```

Do take special care about the **order of your routes**, so this route
declaration does not "eat" other ones. (You may want to add it directly before
the `root :to` declaration.)

NOTE: Have a look at a gem which simplifies working with routes:
[route_translator](https://github.com/enriclluelles/route_translator).

### Setting the Locale from User Preferences

An application with authenticated users may allow users to set a locale
preference through the application's interface. With this approach, a user's
selected locale is persisted in the database and used to set the locale for
authenticated requests by that user.

When using a stored preference, it is a good idea to ensure that the value is
included in `I18n.available_locales` before applying it.

> ```ruby

Reviewer: Worth adding the filename for this code?

around_action :switch_locale

def switch_locale(&action)
  locale = current_user&.locale
  locale = I18n.default_locale unless I18n.available_locales.map(&:to_s).include?(locale)

  I18n.with_locale(locale, &action)
end
```

If your application also allows the locale to be set from the URL or another
request-based source, decide which value takes precedence. In many applications,
an explicit locale in the URL should override the user's stored preference.

### Choosing an Implied Locale

When a request does not explicitly specify a locale, an application may try to
infer one. This is best treated as a fallback: an explicit locale from the URL,
domain, or user preference should usually take precedence.

#### Inferring Locale from the Language Header

The `Accept-Language` HTTP header indicates the languages the client prefers for
the response. Browsers typically [set this header based on the user's language
preferences](https://www.w3.org/International/questions/qa-lang-priorities), so
it is often the best first choice when inferring a locale.

A simple implementation might look like this:

```ruby

> def switch_locale(&action)

Reviewer: Add a filename here?

  logger.debug "* Accept-Language: #{request.env['HTTP_ACCEPT_LANGUAGE']}"
  locale = extract_locale_from_accept_language_header || I18n.default_locale
  logger.debug "* Locale set to '#{locale}'"
  I18n.with_locale(locale, &action)
end

private
def extract_locale_from_accept_language_header
  request.env["HTTP_ACCEPT_LANGUAGE"]&.scan(/^[a-z]{2}/)&.first
end
```

This example is intentionally simple. In practice, more robust parsing is
usually necessary because the header can contain multiple languages, region
subtags such as `en-GB`, and quality values that indicate preference order.

Libraries such as
[accept_language](https://github.com/cyril/accept_language.rb)
or [the locale Rack
middleware](https://github.com/rack/rack-contrib/blob/main/lib/rack/contrib/locale.rb)
can help implement this more reliably.

> ### Inferring the Locale from IP Geolocation

Reviewer: I'm not sure we need this section to be honest. It relies too heavily on external services and I don't think it's specifically relevant to Rails and I18n.

The IP address of the client making the request can be used to infer the
client's region and, in some cases, suggest a locale. Services such as [GeoLite2
Country](https://dev.maxmind.com/geoip/geolite2-free-geolocation-data) or gems
like [geocoder](https://github.com/alexreisner/geocoder) can be used to
implement this approach.

In practice, this is a less reliable signal than using the `Accept-Language`
header. A user's network location does not necessarily match their preferred
language, and IP-based lookups may be affected by VPNs, mobile carriers,
proxies, or corporate networks.

### Storing the Locale from the Session or Cookies

> WARNING: You may be tempted to store the chosen locale in a _session_ or a

Reviewer: Starting this section with a warning is a bit weird to me. If this isn't recommended, we shouldn't teach it, just warn against it.

      title: "Título"
```

you can look up the `books.index.title` value inside `app/views/books/index.html.erb` template like this (note the dot):

```erb

> <%= t '.title' %>

Reviewer: For consistency: 

```suggestion
<%= t ".title" %>
```

#### Action View Helper Methods

* `distance_of_time_in_words` translates and pluralizes its result and interpolates the number of seconds, minutes, hours, and so on.

  ```ruby
  distance_of_time_in_words(Time.current, Time.current + 3.minutes)
  # => "3 minutes"
  ```

>   See [datetime.distance_in_words](https://github.com/rails/rails/blob/main/actionview/lib/action_view/locale/en.yml#L4) translations.

Reviewer: Is it possible to link to docs instead of a specific line in code? The position of lines is likely to change with time but docs remain constant.

So, all of the following equivalent lookups will return the `:short` date format `"%b %d"`:

```ruby
I18n.t "date.formats.short"              # => "%b %d"
I18n.t "formats.short", scope: :date     # => "%b %d"
I18n.t :short, scope: "date.formats"     # => "%b %d"
I18n.t :short, scope: [:date, :formats]  # => "%b %d"
```

Generally we recommend using YAML as a format for storing translations. There are cases, though, where you want to store Ruby lambdas as part of your locale data, e.g. for special date formats.

### Using Alternate Backends

> For several reasons the Simple backend shipped with Active Support only does the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For several reasons the `Simple` backend shipped with Active Support only does the
```
